docs: clarify OTA release precedence (#582)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/ota.mdx

3. Otherwise, use a Full Release with the highest To Version greater than the
   current version of the device.

:::important

> The precedence can be summarized as: **Delta Release** > **MPT Release** >

Author: ```suggestion
The precedence can be roughly summarized as: **Delta Release** > **MPT Release** >
```

> **Full Release**.

Reviewer: I am not sure I'd agree with this summary as it's not precise enough. But then again, when adding detail, it's almost again the list from the paragraph above? 🤔 maybe there's a way to simplify the rules from above?

Author: This statement was already there, I just took away some of the "softening" words to make it shorter and punchier. Added a bit more "softness" back!

> Due to this precedence, Devices can "skip" must-pass-through Releases via a
> Delta Release. This is because a Delta Release should by definition include all
> information to get from Release `A->B`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to this precedence, Devices can "bypass" must-pass-through Releases via a
Delta Release. Due to this precedence, Devices can "bypass" must-pass-through Releases via a
Delta Release. Consequently, a Delta Release must include all
information to get from version `A->B`.
```
